AST-3616 - Embed(Twitter, soundcloud, etc) block not working on page. (#5533)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.5.1 (Unreleased)
- Improvement: Compatibility with WooCommerce 8.3.
- Improvement: Introducing a new filter 'astra_embed_wrapper_class' to add a class to the iframe wrapper for embed blocks.
- Fix: Function parameter value was wrong in 'responsive_oembed_wrapper' callback while processing embed blocks iframe. (Props: https://github.com/IngoWinter)

> - Fix: SoundCloud, Spotify embed blocks not working on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Embed block (Twitter, SoundCloud, Spotify) does not appear on the frontend.
```

> - Fix: SoundCloud, Spotify embed blocks not working on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Embed block (Twitter, SoundCloud, Spotify) does not appear on the frontend.
```

- Fix: Footer Builder - Above and Below Footer vertical alignment options are not working.
- Fix: EDD - Mini cart widget UI broken in the RTL mode.
- Fix: Enable Smooth Scroll to ID causes a jerk issue on the comment navigation section.

> - Fix: Embed block (Twitter, SoundCloud, Spotify) does not appear on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Fix: Embed block (Twitter, SoundCloud, Spotify) does not appear on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
